Fix the spelling of legacy voltage direction in manual and warnings. (#236)
circuitikz/circuitikz: doc/circuitikzmanual.tex

    \item \texttt{nooldvoltagedirection}, or the key style \texttt{voltage dir=noold}: The standard from version 0.5 onward, utilize the (German?) standard of voltage arrows in the  direction of electric fields (without fixing batteries);
    \item \texttt{RPvoltages} (meaning Rising Potential voltages), or the key style \texttt{voltage dir=RP}: the arrow is in direction of rising potential, like in \texttt{oldvoltagedirection}, but batteries and current sources are fixed so that they follow the passive/active standard: the default direction of \texttt{v} and \texttt{i} are chosen so that, when both values are positive:
        \begin{itemize}
            \item in passive component, the element is \emph{dissipating power};
            \item in active components (generators), the element is \emph{generating power}.
        \end{itemize}
    \item \texttt{EFvoltages} (meaning Electric Field voltages), or the key style \texttt{voltage dir=EF}: the arrow is in direction of the electric field, like in \texttt{nooldvoltagedirection}, but batteries are fixed;
\end{itemize}

> Notice that the four styles are designed to be used at the environment level: that is, you should use them at the start of your environment as in \verb|\begin{circuitikz}[voltage dir=old] ...| and not as a key for sigle compontes, in which case the behaviour is not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the four styles are designed to be used at the environment level: that is, you should use them at the start of your environment as in \verb|\begin{circuitikz}[voltage dir=old] ...| and not as a key for single components, in which case the behaviour is not guaranteed.
```
